Update contracts.mdx (#336)
apollographql/docs: src/content/graphos/delivery/contracts.mdx

- **If the Included Tags list is non-empty**, the contract schema _excludes_ each union type and object/interface field _unless_ it's tagged with an _included_ tag.
  - Each object and interface type is _included_ as long as _at least one_ of its fields is included (unless the type is explicitly excluded)
  - The contract schema _excludes_ a type or field if it's tagged with both an included tag _and_ an excluded tag.

> - **If you enabled the feature to hide unreachable types**, the contract schema _excludes_ objects, interfaces, unions, inputs, enums, and scalars _unless_ they are tagged with an _included_ tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **If you enable the option to hide unreachable types**, the contract schema _excludes_ each unreachable object, interface, union, input, enum, and scalar _unless_ it's tagged with an _included_ tag.
```

Reviewer: I assume this bullet is speaking specifically to unreachable types? Please let me know if I've misinterpreted here.

>   - A type is considered unreachable when:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A type is considered **unreachable** in a schema if there exists no path to that type from _either_ a [root operation type](https://spec.graphql.org/October2021/#sec-Root-Operation-Types) or an [executable-directive](https://spec.graphql.org/October2021/#ExecutableDirectiveLocation).
```

>     - There does not exist a path from a [root operation type](https://spec.graphql.org/October2021/#sec-Root-Operation-Types) to the type itself.
>     - There does not exist a path from a [executable-directive](https://spec.graphql.org/October2021/#ExecutableDirectiveLocation) to the type itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
